OK we are back in our last hour we talked about some of the On page SEO factors like title tag and even
the optional meta description field.
Well let's keep going and discuss a few more tags in this lecture.
You can use to improve your Osseo What are the things Google likes and a page is a logical organization.
Google's become smart enough that I can basically read a page and figure out what it's all about.
Scary right.
But if you can organize the tax and other information on page into a logical kind of structure Well
Google will see better and understand your intentions for your content and purpose of the page.
So you can use Hetter tags.
Now Hetter tags are like you know the section headers that help you organize and separate pieces of
information.
The best example of Hetter tags you'll find is actually on Wikipedia like this page for a kids show
called Sesame Street you might have heard of it.
The top header tag is also known as the each one tag and should be used one time on a page.
It's basically the page header and it's used to tell people what the page is all about.
Just like the title tag.
In fact a lot of times the title tag and H-1 tag are exactly the same and that's totally fine.
So on this page the H-1 is what you see at the top.
Sesame Street now in general pages have headers that are almost always going to have this H-1 equivalent.
And that's what tells people well what's this page about.
After the H-1 of course we have the H2B has only familiarity with t l H-1B to H-3 H2 tags can be used
as many times as needed to find the main sections of the page.
For Sesame Street well you can see just define pretty well.
Here we have history format educational goals funding and so on.
Then if there's subsections at age 2 then you use age 3.
Underproduction for example there's research writing and media that you can see what the tags look like
in the HD mail code.
By viewing the source code of the page Well this case looks something like this.
The subject of the page.
Well here's a main section of the page.
Here's another main section.
Now here's a subsection.
But when you view pages with headers you should be able to see where sections begin and end.
This provides added usability.
The person reading the page allowing them to better understand the information for Google and the index
page they can better understand it too by looking at the headers and seeing which terms are used.
Seeing what the structure of the page looks like.
As a result header tags can give the page and Su boost for the turns included in the same head attacked.
So how did target provide structure NSU value.
How valuable these are for your ranking changes a lot.
Right.
So don't be like that's all I have to do is change one of these two tags.
They use vi.
A really really important and they're getting less and less important.
Basically everything is getting more sophisticated Nescio And so the things that are easy and simple
and obvious are kind of treated like Legacy's are relics still important and still worth doing because
it's so abusable.
It's getting lower in importance.
Now another set of tags that do that on the page are bullets and or a list bullet list.
Well you've seen these a million times I'm sure.
It's a list that looks like this.
You know one item here.
Here's another on an oh yeah there's something else the code used to make this show up on a page is
going to look something like this.
Well looks like this.
You know one item here and there's not one.
Oh yeah.
Here's something else.
Now each set of tags refers to a list item but the tag stands for an ordered list or a list with no
numbers in it.
If you wanted an ordered list or a list with numbers for each item will you use a slightly different
tack and look like this.
Baby number one make an amazing plan to do stuff.
3.
Profit.
Great.
And it will splay like this can make an amazing play and do stuff and profit.
Simple right.
Naturally you want to use numbered lists for listing steps you take in order or like a checklist but
Google makes note of these lists and it seems that any time you organize information to make it more
orderly so to speak you're basically trying to improve the usability value of a page.
So they most likely give your page a slight boost when you use lists to structure information and doga
list.
Crazy though.
Just make sure you use them when it's logical.
If it helps your readers then use it.
Don't do it just because Google likes it.
Now what else.
Well adding bold and italics tax to key items can also help linking to other pages on your site to further
explain a topic can boost SEO as well.
For example you reference a product linking the name of the product in the text to the product page
provides a logical reference.
Now it's called a cross linking.
That's a great way to show Google how your sites pages relate to each other.
Now as an outbound Wingie an inbound linking outbound linking to somebody else but inbound linking is
linking to another page within your own site inbound linking is a good thing.
And Google generally likes that it helps there crawlers find your site more quickly but also again shows
you're more orderly.
You're more organized and you're more focused on usability.
Now outbound linking that's an entirely different topic now.
In fact anything you really can do to make your taxin other information more readable or easier to consume
should result in a boost.
It's kind of a quick lil tip here.
If you forgot all the rules Nescio like you just got amnesia after the second and only thing you learned
was try to make the page easy to understand for your user.
That is a lot of SEO.
They just have quantified it and broken it down to a process really the kind of results and how easy
is your website to use.
Now in our next lecture We'll get into how to write more SEO friendly content.
So if you're ready to keep going we'll see then.